you have a transparency portal that the young attacker has again broken the
next to be talked a little football hoped more we put ourselves in a
press room of ceará sport club
was honored by senar for the fans
From the voice that you chose, we'll always be sporting the way you fought.
tv dawn tv or to be chosen heart's thank you
City
across the ocean
who also takes advantage of one of its larger aircraft trains
last year through space
monumental that not even those that gave me during the commemorations of the 50 years
was a really good year during the celebrations 50 years and can
participating with you was a wonderful joy the fabinho of programming
something bid and direction of journalism the last of the schedule to my friend
Think of a place thank you very much for every corner
I ask a spokesperson for this portal that is a reference not only in the
a northeastern news reference
also of informing to be national we can disentice and I am frequenter
assiduous of the gate more and more up chose his son is there that I go with
headquarters in the sector that runs a designer's wonderwork I think it's
very cool
to talk about sport
This is a special year for Ceará football
due to especially the presence of the ceará in the series to just the cup
South American
Of course in the other competitions we will have bush one of the great
ceará in the championship of Ceará
the fortress with rail with status of director who stood out but
in my way of living people have demobilized
and if the strength of last year's interval in the national competitions
perhaps not even in the leg in the conversation the place where I
I read and I think today we can only make a dolabella campaign that strengthens the
championship and I think that ceará and we speak now and the stronghold
once they will dispute the title from the point of view of the air series of the permanence of the
Ceará state football in the series to everything I've seen here in Ceará on
structure of ceará sport club
I think google is doing everything right to stay in the series at
with the right to dream higher it means that the ceará can play with
Suddenly dream still there in front fighting for a vacancy for a dream 12
consumption
so I think I see around there doubles opponents option punctual
important a mix of youngsters like Sergio Mota experienced players
but what it has of reforms and of durability and reliability puts itself
of general garopaba than to remain
maybe an optimism I hope the fortress I can aim to surrender to
fight for those who know how to put two of them in the Brazilian soccer
state of ceará that is one of the most passionate about soccer that the goiás
on the big field you all owed 2 million full of achievements and with
much information here on the parties portal